CHEST: THE COMMAND LINE SECRET MANAGER

1. OVERVIEW
Chest is a command-line password manager designed to store various types 
of secrets and login commands. The goal is to simplify the CLI experience 
by automating the retrieval and execution of authentication tokens and 
cluster commands.

Instead of manually finding a URL and token for an OpenShift cluster in 
your vault and pasting it into the terminal, you can simply run:
$ chest oc <cluster_id>

Chest will retrieve the credentials and execute the command for you. 
Built in Go, the tool leverages concurrency to parallelize tasks like 
file I/O and encryption/decryption.

2. CORE CONCEPTS

CHEST
A Chest is a container for "Jewels".
- Each Chest type defines its own JSON structure, stored by default 
  in ~/.chest/
- Each Chest manages its own encryption/decryption logic.
- Currently, the supported type is AES, which stores data in a JSON 
  file encrypted via the AES algorithm.
- Future integrations may include S3 buckets or HashiCorp Vault.

JEWEL
A Jewel is any data stored within a Chest (passwords, tokens, 
kubeconfigs, SSH commands, oc login commands, curl requests, etc.).
- Each Jewel type defines its own JSON structure and behavior.
- Example: A 'Password' jewel copies content to the clipboard; a 
  'Kubeconfig' jewel runs the export command to log into a cluster.

FACTORY PATTERN
To manage different types of Jewels and Chests without complex 
if/else or switch blocks, a Factory pattern is implemented.
- Registration: Each type registers its creation and parsing methods 
  using the Go init() function.
- Storage: The Factory maintains a registry (map[kind]method).
- Extensibility: A new kind of Jewel/Chest is automatically supported 
  as long as its methods are registered in the Factory.

SESSION
Each Chest is associated with a KeyJewelKind (the key needed to open it).
- Example: An AES Chest requires a Password Jewel containing the AES key.
- Security: When a Chest is opened, the key is requested and stored in 
  a temporary session maintained in RAM (volatile memory).
- Lifetime: The session is valid until the Chest is closed or the 
  computer is rebooted.
- The session itself is managed by a dedicated Factory.

3. PACKAGE HIERARCHY
To avoid cyclic dependencies, the following hierarchy is defined:

|-- chest:   Main package; handles command routing.
|-- command: Defines CLI commands; manages goroutine generation.
|-- factory: Handles parsing/creation logic and manages concurrency.
|-- Chest:   Definitions for specific Chest types.
|-- Jewel:   Definitions for specific Jewel types.
|-- common:  Basic utilities, constants, and environment variables.